Power games most men do to get what they
want. Number one, love bombing. They
start to overwhelm you with gifts,
attention, compliments, money. The more
money they have, the more money they are
giving. So, you're getting emotionally
invested and hooked fast. Once you are,
they withdraw. They pull back. So, you
start to chase them. Number two, future
faking. They talk about our future, our
kids, our plans and trips. This makes
you attached to potential rather than
seeing what actually is happening. Do
not fall for words. Words are usually
used to distort the reality. And a man's
word anyways is worth zero until it's
backed by actions. Three, devaluation.
Once you get a little bit invested, they
start to test you. They're testing how
much you would tolerate, how much you
would inconvenience yourself for them.
They do that by calling you at 2 a.m.
asking if they can come over. Last
minute dates, last minute plans if you
would jump whenever they are ready,
saying that they want someone that is
more spontaneous, more easygoing because
they know you are not. And they want to
see if you would change and
inconvenience yourself to get their
approval. Number four, control through
generosity. The broke men use loyalty
and effort while the rich men use luxury
and lifestyle. Both of them use it as
leverage to keep you trapped. Number
five, scarcity and inconsistency. They
go cold, withdraw, disappear because
they're too busy, not because they're
actually busy. They do that because
uncertainty keeps you chasing. Keep your
value and standards up. If he pulls
back, pull back even further. Number
six, reverse psychology. They start to
act like you are too demanding, too
much, you're asking for too much, you
are being too sensitive. So you start
thinking that you are the problem. And
you start softening and changing and
adapting down the line. He wants you to
start to be unfaithful to yourself, your
standards, and your truth, which makes
your self-confidence go low. Number
seven, competition triggers. They keep
mentioning their exes, other options,
other women just to make you feel like
you are replaceable. Ladies, this is a
very cheap way to control your behavior
through jealousy. The good news, not all
men are like this. And if you want to
know how to spot a real provider man and
become the woman that he actually wants
to invest in, download my ebook, The
Queen Treatment. Link in bio.